Feat/bank feeds api (#852)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/bank-feeds/create-account.md

---
title: "Create Codat's key elements"
description: "Create a company, its connection, and a source account that form the structure required to establish a bank feed"
sidebar_label: Create key objects
displayed_sidebar: bankfeeds
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"

## Overview

> When implementing your bank feed solution, you need to create several key objects required by Codat's Bank Feeds API: a [company](../terms/company), its connection to a data source, and a source account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When implementing your bank feed solution, you need to create your customer as a [company](../terms/company) in Codat before registering their accounting platform as a [connection](../terms/connection). Something about source accounts.
```

You can see how these elements fit together and where they sit in the overall bank feeds process on the diagram below.

> ```mermaid

Author: will ask Jake on Monday 👌

        click codatDataConnection "/bank-feeds/setup#create-a-connection" "Data Connections"
        click codatSourceAccount "/bank-feeds/setup#create-a-source-account" "Source Accounts"
    end

    style Codat fill:#f1f4fa,stroke:#666,stroke-width:0px;

    subgraph Mapping[<u style='color:#522ce7'>Mapping</u><br><br>The authorization and mapping process performed <br> by the SMB customer to establish a bank feed <br> between a source account and a target account.]

    end
    
    subgraph AccountingSoftware[Accounting software]
    direction TB;
        targetAccount[<style='color:#2a2d3d'>Target account<br><br>The account where bank transactions are <br> posted by the bank feed to be later <br> reconciled by the SMB customer.] 
    end

    style AccountingSoftware stroke-width:0px;

    Codat -.-> Mapping
          click Mapping "/bank-feeds/mapping-overview" "Mapping"
    Mapping -.-> AccountingSoftware

```

:::tip Authorize your API calls

Remember to [authenticate](/using-the-api/authentication) when making calls to our API. Navigate to **Developers > API keys** in the Portal to pick up your authorization header.

> :::

Reviewer: Love this.
